docs: guidelines for ValidateBasic (#10983)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/basics/tx-lifecycle.md

### ValidateBasic

[`sdk.Msg`s](../core/transactions.md#messages) are extracted from `Tx`, and `ValidateBasic`, a method of the `sdk.Msg` interface implemented by the module developer, is run for each one. 
This method is called by the `BaseApp` very early in the processing of the `message` (in both [`CheckTx`](../core/baseapp.md#checktx) and [`DeliverTx`](../core/baseapp.md#delivertx)), in order to discard obviously invalid messages.
`ValidateBasic` can only include **stateless** checks, i.e. checks that do not require access to the state. 

#### Guideline

Gas won't be charged when `ValidateBasic` is executed. Hence, we should only do the most necessary sanity checks to enable middleware operations (eg: parsing the required signer accounts to validate a signature by a middleware). Other validation operation should be performed when [handling a message](../building-modules/msg-services#Validation) in a module Msg Server.

> For example, if the message is to send coins from one address to another, `ValidateBasic` likely checks for nonempty addresses and a nonnegative coin amount, but does not require knowledge of state such as the account balance of an address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the message is to send coins from one address to another, `ValidateBasic` likely checks for non-empty addresses and a non-negative coin amount, but does not require knowledge of state such as the account balance of an address.
```
